Updating zero shot img classification (#380)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/zero-shot-image-classification/about.md

## About the Task

> Zero shot image classification works by transferring knowledge learnt during training, to classify novel classes that was not present in the training data. So this a variation of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg). For instance a model trained to differentiate cars and airplanes can be used to classify images of ships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero shot image classification works by transferring knowledge learnt during training of one model, to classify novel classes that was not present in the training data. So this a variation of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg). For instance, a model trained to differentiate cars from airplanes can be used to classify images of ships.
```

> Zero shot image classification works by transferring knowledge learnt during training of one model, to classify novel classes that was not present in the training data. So this a variation of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg). For instance, a model trained to differentiate cars from airplanes can be used to classify images of ships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero shot image classification works by transferring knowledge learnt during training of one model, to classify novel classes that was not present in the training data. So this is a variation of [transfer learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqqfQnyjmgg). For instance, a model trained to differentiate cars from airplanes can be used to classify images of ships.
```

Author: Ah ..so sorry about these little slip ups😅..will fix them and format with eslint now.

The data in this learning paradigm consists of

- Seen data - images and their corresponding labels
- Unseen data -  only labels and no images

> - auxilary information - additional information given to the model during training connecting the unseen and seen data. This can be in the form of textual description, word embeddings etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- auxiliary information - additional information given to the model during training connecting the unseen and seen data. This can be in the form of textual description or word embeddings.
```
